I have been recuperating from a pretty gnarly illness the last two 
weeks. 

Tried to pick up on the PuTTY issue that I had before my absence and I'm 
still encountering the same errors. I thought that it may have been 
caused by wifi problems I have been struggling with. I uninstalled all 
of my network adapters (11). When I restarted my computer, all 11 
adapters were reinstalled, which I was not expecting, because I thought 
that 8 of them were useless (WAN). My network problems continued. I 
decided to deactivate the 8 network adapters that I deemed unnecessry 
for everyday laptop function. My connectivity increased on campus, and 
my issues seem to be cleared up for the time being. 

So at this point, I was hoping that my PuTTY problems would also be 
resolved but that is not the case. I still am not able to open my 
atmosphere instance in the commendline of my computer using PuTTY. The 
last time I tried it and today ,if I was able to maintain a connection, 
I was denied access to the instance because of issues with my password 
(i think).  

I reset my password to see if that would make a difference, and it did 
not. 

Jason replied to my earlier chat and said: 

"Caroline, you should contact me about the Carpentries stuff directly - 
williams@cshl.edu There is a Carpentries amazon AMI see: 
http://www.datacarpentry.org/genomics-workshop/setup/ "

but I am still struggling with understanding the AMI system. My 
understanding is that I will have to pay to create an IP address, 
because those are only provided in the workshops. I need to decide 
whether I want to:

1. pay to create the instance with AMI
2. Continue trying to work through the Atmosphere beta system
3. Try using my local machine by downloading the massive datasets and 
all the necessary software. I already downloaded FASTQC and the 
Trimmomatic before I saw the Atmosphere option. 

